<<<<<<< HEAD
# linear Regression Analysis File description

We first imported all of the dependencies the analysis needed to run smoothly and then read the data through the data frame. We are focusing on the Revenue of the movies and the budget on how they correlate with the release date. Based on the findings we can tell which movie made the most money based off when it was released. The first chart is the scatter plot showcasing the data based on the revenue and budget. The variables were x=Budget and y =Revenue. The second chart presents to use the linear regression line to help show or the relationship between the revenue and budget. Based on the results we ran a regression score and it came to be .55 which is far off from 1.0. 

# Machine Learning Analysis File description

The first task is to clean the data. We clean the data frame to fit the machine learning model. What we are looking to clean is the data to eliminate skewness and replace missing values and only keep the columns that will help answer the question at hand. As the data frame was created it represents a  live environment of the data frame. In the analysis, we clean the data to be showcase fair results and showcase values even if the original value was not presented and we replace the value with a zero. So we clean the data all the way through.

The next step is to import all dependencies that will analyze, learn the data, tet the data, and plot the results. The variables are will be presented in the code are x= Release date and y= revenue and we will put this in the code to train through the data within the machine learning model. The machine learning model that will be used is Supervised learning. Within the machine learning model, the variables will go through two test models random forest and decision trees. The random forest will create many decision trees. Our code will then be randomness through each tree to try to create an uncorrelated forest of trees whose prediction by committee is more accurate than that of any individual tree. The positives in why we choose this model is due to its ability runs efficiently on large databases and it is has a highly accurate classifier. What the team has to watch when using random forest is not to allow the model to run slow because of the code and if the code runs slow the result not able to produce real-time predictions. What you need to truly think of Random forest is it is a predictive modeling tool and not a descriptive tool. The next model test the machine learning will conduct is a decision tree to help identify a strategy most likely to reach our conclusion on what movies made the most based on the released date.

The good thing about using a decision tree is that it forces the consideration of all possible outcomes of a decision.
Which then maps and then traces out each path to a conclusion. 
Then it helps creates a comprehensive analysis of the consequences along each branch and identifies decision nodes that need further analyses. The only downside is if a small change could not allow the process of the analysis. The overall decision tree is very unstable and you must have the data frame prepared or the results will be the code will not run.

# Dataframe Visual File

This file was created to read the data frame and showcase a couple of graphs that will paint the picture of the data. In the file, the reader will see bar graphs, heatmaps, and scatter graphs. The bar graphs showcase important column trends that we as a team would like to highlight. the heatmap is showcasing the trends within the statics of the data. Lastly, the scatter chart shows the relationships of the columns that are important for answering the research question.
=======
#linear Regression description

We first imported all of the dependencies the analysis needed to run smoothly and then read the data through the data frame. We are focusing on the Revenue of the movies and the budget on how they correlate with the release date. Based on the findings we can tell which movie made the most money based off when it was released. The first chart is the scatter plot showcasing the data based on the revenue and budget. The variables were set as x=Budget and y =Revenue. The second chart presents use the linear regression line to help show the relationship between the revenue and budget. Based on the results we ran a regression score and it came to be .55 which is far off from 1.0. 

#Machine Learning description

The first task is to import all dependencies that will analyze, learn the data, test the data, and plot the results. the variables that the code will be training and analysising is x= Release date and y= revenue. The machine learning model that will be used is Supervised learning. We are going to train the variables and run random forest model code to create many decision trees. These decisions will determine what we should trust based on the tree value and showcase the best data and positive outcomes within the movie entertainment world. Our code will randomness each tree to try to create an uncorrelated forest of trees whose prediction by committee is more accurate than that of any individual tree. The next test the machine learning will conduct is a decision tree to help identify a strategy most likely to reach our conclusion on what movies made the most based on the released data. Through training the variables x (revenue) and y (release date) decision tree will cyle through the data and come up with the analysis and give the result that should be communicated to our shareholder.
>>>>>>> ceb8df7b9570b7ff4b1ced60aff27e443d822bcf
